Adds documentation for sharding and sharding in Array.info (#2644)
zarr-developers/zarr-python: docs/user-guide/performance.rst

   >>> z5.chunks
   (10000, 10000)

Sharding
~~~~~~~~

If you have large arrays but need small chunks to efficiently access the data, you can
use sharding. Sharding provides a mechanism to store multiple chunks in a single
storage object or file. This can be useful because traditional file systems and object

> storage systems may have issues with many small files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storage systems may have issues storing and accessing many files.
```
I dropped "small" because I think the issue is number of files, and not there size? I may be wrong there though...

Author: Correct. Having small files can be inefficient, e.g. when the fs block size is larger than the file. But that is orthogonal to the performance.

Picking a good combination of chunk shape and shard shape is important for performance.
The chunk shape determines what unit of your data can be read independently, while the
shard shape determines what unit of your data can be written efficiently.

For an example, consider you have a 100 GB array and need to read small chunks of 1 MB.

> Without sharding, each chunk would be one file resulting in 10000 files. That can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without sharding, each chunk would be one file resulting in 100,000 files. That can
```
